# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

__Meeting Date/Time:__ Oct. 15th, 12p.m.
__Meeting Purpose:__ Discuss REDCap/MyCap implementation/dev. opportunities 
__Meeting Location:__ Duke Office of Clinical Research
__Note Taker:__ Ben Hubsch


## Attendees

People who attended:
- Ben Hubsch
- Matt O'Boyle
- Nik Bramblett
- Marissa Stroo
- Jeff Hawley
- Jason Lones

## Agenda Items

| Item | Description |
|:----|:----|
|Agenda Item 1 | - MyCap current functionality - |
|Agenda Item 2 | - Feasibility of implementing the app ourselves - |
|Agenda Item 3 | - Dev opportunities - |


## Discussion Items

| Item | Who | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Feasibility of implementing the app ourselves | Jeff | Not feasible at all; he estimates would take about a year of work to get fully secure and compliant with privacy concerns + get approval for it; we only have a semester's worth of one class of time to get it done |
| MyCap current functionality | Jeff + Marissa | MyCap has been out for about a year but hasn't been widely adopted yet; no demos available; some questions as to the customizability of the UI (it's ugly) |
| Dev opportunities | All | None really; it's entirely developed at Vanderbilt; the goal of our project would be to get a specific instance up and running for Dr. Olson and aggresively look for bugs and report them |
| Status of current REDCap project | Jeff + Marissa | In looking at the backend REDCap systems, looks like the project Olson is currently using in REDCap may be put together in a little bit of a confusing way; unable to find a REDCap ID number from the research protocol |


## Action Items

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | Update Duvall | Matt | Oct. 15th |
| | Update Dr. Olson | Ben, Matt, Nik (Ben as POC) | Oct. 18th |
| | Get REDCap ID number | Nik | Oct. 16th |
| | Create REDCap sandboxes | Ben, Matt, Nik | Oct. 16th |


## Other Notes and Information

N/A
